.TH "bongo-backup" 1 "Bongo Project" "http://bongo-project.org/"
.SH NAME
bongo-backup \- Backup and restores a Bongo document store
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B bongo-backup
.RI [ options ]
.I COMMAND
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B bongo-backup
can create backups of, and then restore these backups to, a Bongo document store. It takes a
.I COMMAND
on execution to specify its action.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI \-h " HOSTNAME" "\fR,\fP \-\^\-host=" HOSTNAME
Host of Bongo store. Defaults to 127.0.0.1.
.TP
.BI \-p " PASSWORD" "\fR,\fP \-\^\-passwd=" PASSWORD
Specify password to authenticate.
.TP
.BI \-s " PATH" "\fR,\fP \-\^\-store=" PATH
Path to local backup store.
.TP
.BI \-u " USER" "\fR,\fP \-\^\-user=" USER
Username used to authenticate.
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\^\-verbose
Display verbose output.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.BR backup " [user[:guid[,..]][ ..]]"
Appends incremental backup to the store.
.TP
.BR restore " [user[:guid[,..]][ ..]]"
Restores documents from store to server.
.TP
.BR search " [filter[,..]]"
Searches the store for documents.
.TP
.BR rollback " [MM/DD/YYYY]"
Permanently deletes data store after date.
.SH "SEARCH FILTERS"
.TP
.BI "after=" [MM/DD/YYYY]
Only search documents after this date.
.TP
.BI "before=" [MM/DD/YYY]
Only search documents before this date.
.TP
.BI "string=" [string[:..]]
String search. Strings may be enclosed in single quotes.
.TP
.BI "type=" [type[:..]]
Only search type(s) (mail, cab, ab)
.TP
.BI "user=" [user[:..]]
Only search documents owned by user(s)
.SH "AUTHOR"
This man page was written by Jonny Lamb <jonnylamb@jonnylamb.com>.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
bongo-setup(1), bongo-admin(1)
