.TH "bongo-admin" 1 "Bongo Project" "http://bongo-project.org/"
.SH "NAME" 
bongo-admin \(em Bongo Administration Utility
.SH "SYNOPSIS" 
.PP
.B bongo-admin
.RI [ options ]
.I COMMAND
.RI [ command-options ]
.SH "DESCRIPTION" 
.PP 
This manual page documents briefly the 
.B bongo-manager
command. 
.PP 
.B bongo-manager
is a program to administrate the Bongo server. 
.SH "OPTIONS" 
.PP 
A summary of options is included below. 
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\^\-help
Help. Display available commands.
.TP
.BI \-U " AUTHUSER" "\fR,\fP \-\^\-authuser=" AUTHUSER
Admin username. Defaults to admin.
.TP
.BI \-P " AUTHPASS" "\fR,\fP \-\^\-authpass=" AUTHPASS
Admin password.
.TP
.BI \-c " CONTEXT" "\fR,\fP \-\^\-context=" CONTEXT
MDB context.
.TP
.BR \-\^\-debug
Enable debugging output.
.SH "AGENT COMMANDS"
.TP
.BR agent-delete ", " ad
Delete a Bongo agent.
.TP
.BR agent-info ", " ai
List info for an agent.
.TP
.BR agent-list ", " al
List configured Bongo agents.
.TP
.BR agent-modify ", " am
Modify a Bongo agent.
.SH "OTHER COMMANDS"
.TP
.BR demo
Create a demo user
.SH "SERVER COMMANDS"
.TP
.BR server-info ", " si
List information about configured Bongo servers.
.TP
.BR server-list ", " sl
List configured Bongo servers.
.SH "SETUP COMMANDS"
.TP
.BR import
Import a
.B bongo-setup.xml
tree.
.TP
.BR setup-genschema
Generate directory schema.
.TP
.BR setup-mdb
Configure an MDB tree.
.TP
.BR setup-rights
Grant access to Bongo services on the Bongo tree.
.TP
.BR setup-ssl
Generate or install an SSL key/cert pair.
.TP
.BR setup-system-credential
Generate Bongo system agent credential.
.SH "USER COMMANDS"
.TP
.BR user-add ", " ua
Add a Bongo user.
.TP
.BR user-delete ", " ud
Delete a Bongo user.
.TP
.BR user-info ", " ui
Display information about a Bongo user.
.TP
.BR user-list ", " ul
List Bongo users.
.TP
.BR user-modify ", " um
Modify a Bongo user.
.TP
.BR user-passwd ", " up
Change a Bongo user's password.
.SH "SEE ALSO" 
.PP 
bongo-setup(1), bongo-admin(1) 
.SH "AUTHOR" 
.PP 
This manual page was written by Jonny Lamb <jonnylamb@jonnylamb.com>.
