.TH "bongoagents" "8" "Bongo Project" "http://bongo-project.org/"
.SH "NAME" 
bongoaddressbook, bongoalarm, bongoantispam, bongoavirus, bongocalcmd, bongocollector, bongoconnmgr, bongogeneric, bongoimap, bongoitip, bongomailprox, bongopluspack, bongopop3, bongoqueue, bongorules, bongosmtp, bongostore \(em Bongo Agents 
.SH "SYNOPSIS" 
.PP 
Bongo agents that manage a certain part of the server.
.SH "DESCRIPTION" 
.PP 
.TP
.BR bongoaddressbook
Address book agent.
.TP
.BR bongoalarm
Alarm clock agent. This does e-mail notification of calendar events upcoming.
.TP
.BR bongoantispam
Anti-spam agent. This currently only ties to the spamd process from SpamAssassin.
.B bongoantispam
will always add spam headers to mail no matter what the spam score or status of an email.
.TP
.BR bongoavirus
Anti-virus agent. This agent connects to the clamd process of Clam anti-virus. It will scan all messages for viruses or phising content.
.TP
.BR bongocalcmd
ical agent. This processes mail and if it appears as if it is calendar data, it will act accordingly.
.TP
.BR bongocollector
Calendar collector agent. This gets calendar subscriptions for users.
.TP
.BR bongoconnmgr
This agent is a common library used by all agents for network access.
.B connmgr
provides a coherent buffered network stack.
.TP
.BR bongogeneric
An example agent.
.TP
.BR bongoimap
IMAP agent, which translates the internal Bongo Store protocol to the RFC standard IMAP4 rev1 protocol (RFC-3501).
.TP
.BR bongoitip
iCal Transport-Independant interoperability Protocol agent. This manages calendar invitations over e-mail (RFC-2446).
.TP
.BR bongomailprox
Receives mail from a remote IMAP/POP mail server and adds it to a local mail account.
.TP
.BR bongopluspack
The "plus pack" agent. This has several jobs, including keeping a copy of all mail passing throug hthe system.
.TP
.BR bongopop3
POP3 agent, which translates the internal Bongo Store protocol to the RFC standard POP3 protocol (RFC-1939).
.TP
.BR bongoqueue
Speaks to all other queue agents and moves mail through mail queues. Queues range from anti-spam to SMTP to IMAP.
.TP
.BR bongorules
Server-side rules agent for mail. This is similar to how a mail client allows rules to be set up for handling mail, but on the server-side.
.TP
.BR bongosmtp
SMTP agent, which translates the internal Bongo Queue protocol to the RFC standard SMTP protocol (RFC-2821).
.TP
.BR bongostore
Bongo Store agent, which houses the mail for each user using an mbox format with custon indexing.
.SH "OPTIONS" 
.PP 
These programs should never be called directly by the user, and thus have no command-line options. 
.SH "SEE ALSO" 
.PP 
bongo-manager(1), bongo-setup(1), bongo-admin(1) 
.SH "AUTHOR" 
.PP 
This manual page was originally written by Alex Hudson <home@alexhudson.com> for the
.B Debian
system (but may be used by others) and modified by Jonny Lamb <jonnylamb@jonnylamb.com>.  Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 2, as published by the Free Software Foundation. 
