.TH "bongo-setup" 1 "Bongo Project" "http://bongo-project.org/"
.SH NAME
bongo-setup \- Sets up the Bongo server
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B bongo-setup
.RI [ options ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B bongo-setup
installs the initial configuration in readiness for running the Bongo server.
.B bongo-setup
should be run after installing, and before trying to run Bongo itself.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\^\-help
Show help message and exit.
.TP
.BR \-n ", " \-\^\-noprompt
Run non-interactively.
.TP
.BI \-H " HOSTNAME" "\fR,\fP \-\^\-hostname=" HOSTNAME
Hostname of this Bongo server.
.TP
.BI \-M " MAILDOMAIN" "\fR,\fP \-\^\-maildomain=" MAILDOMAIN
Domain we accept mail for.
.TP
.BI \-f " FILE" "\fR,\fP \-\^\-file=" FILE
Import objects from XML file
.I FILE
.TP
.BI \-S " TARGET" "\fR,\fP \-\^\-gen-schema=" TARGET
Generate schema for
.I TARGET
(ad, edir, mdb, openldap).
.TP
.BI \-a " NOACL" "\fR,\fP \-\^\-noacl=" NOACL
Do not set up ACLs.
.TP
.BI \-m " MDB_DRIVER" "\fR,\fP \-\^\-mdb-driver=" MDB_DRIVER
Specify directory driver (file, ldap, managed-slapd); Default is managed-slapd.
.TP
.BI \-b " BASE" "\fR,\fP \-\^\-base=" BASE
Base directory for Bongo.
.TP
.BI "\-\^\-managed-slapd-path=" PATH
Path to your slapd bianry. Default is /usr/sbin/slapd
.TP
.BI "\-\^\-managed-slapd-port=" PORT
Port for managed slapd. Default is 8983.
.SH SSL OPTIONS
.TP
.BI \-r " FILE" "\fR,\fP \-\^\-cert=" FILE
Use certificate file
.I FILE
.TP
.BI \-k " FILE" "\fR,\fP \-\^\-key=" FILE
Use private key file
.I FILE
.SH LDAP OPTIONS
.TP
.BI \-u " AUTHUSER" "\fR,\fP \-\^\-authuser=" AUTHUSER
User for directory authentication (only available when
.B --mdb-driver=ldap
)
.TP
.BI \-p " AUTHPASS" "\fR,\fP \-\^\-authpass=" AUTHPASS
Password for directory authentication (only available when
.B --mdb-driver=ldap
)
.SH "AUTHOR"
This man page was written by Jonny Lamb <jonnylamb@jonnylamb.com>.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
bongo-config(1), bongo-admin(1)
