.TH "bongo-queuetool" 1 "Bongo Project" "http://bongo-project.org/"
.SH NAME
bongo-storetool \- Manges the Bongo store agent
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B bongo-storetool
.RI [ options ]
.I COMMAND
.RI [ command-options ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B bongo-queuetool
manages the operation of the Bongo store. It takes a
.I COMMAND
on execution to specify its action.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\^\-help
Show help message and exit.
.TP
.BI "\-\^\-host=" HOSTNAME
Host of Bongo queue. Defaults to localhost.
.TP
.BI "\-\^\-port=" PORT
Port of Bongo queue. Defaults to 8670.
.TP
.BR \-\^\-debug
Enable debugging output.
.TP
.BI \-u " USER" "\fR,\fP \-\^\-user=" USER
Connect with user
.I USER
.TP
.BI \-p " PASSWORD" "\fR,\fP \-\^\-password=" PASSWORD
Connect with password
.I PASSWORD
.TP
.BI \-s " STORE" "\fR,\fP \-\^\-store=" STORE
Connect to store
.I STORE
, if different from user.
.SH "CALENDAR COMMANDS"
.TP
.BR calendar-accept-share ", " cash
Accept a specified calendar invitation.
.TP
.BR calendar-delete ", " cd
Delete specified calender.
.TP
.BR calendar-events ", " ce
List the events in a calendar.
.TP
.BR calendar-import ", " ci
Import a specified calendar file.
.TP
.BR calendar-list ", " cl
List the calendars in your store.
.TP
.BR calendar-list-shares ", " cls
List sharing info for a given calendar.
.TP
.BR calendar-publish ", " cp
Make a specified calendar public, and send an invitation.
.TP
.BR calendar-share ", " csh
Share a calendar with a set of addresses.
.TP
.BR calendar-sub ", " cs
Subscribe to specified calendar.
.TP
.BR calendar-unpublish ", " cup
Make a specified calendar non-public.
.TP
.BR calendar-unshare ", " cush
Revoke access from a given calendar.
.TP
.BR events-cleanup ", " ec
Delete any events not linked with calendars.
.TP
.BR events-delete ", " ed
Delete all events in the store.
.SH "CONTACT COMMANDS"
.TP
.BR addressbook-contacts ", " ac
List the contacts in an addressbook.
.TP
.BR addressbook-import ", " ai
Import VCF data from files.
.TP
.BR addressbook-list ", " al
List the addressbooks in your store.
.SH "MAIL COMMANDS"
.TP
.BR mail-store ", " ms
Store individual mail messages.
.SH "OTHER COMMANDS"
.TP
.BR telnet ", " t
Start an interactive telnet session.
.SH "AUTHOR"
This man page was written by Jonny Lamb <jonnylamb@jonnylamb.com>.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
bongo-setup(1), bongo-admin(1)
